feat: Add Popover component to wave (#230)
freenowtech/wave: src/components/Popover/docs/Popover.mdx

---
name: Popover
menu: Components
route: /components/Popover
---

import { Playground } from 'docz';
import { ItemWrapper } from '../../../../docs/components/ItemWrapper.ts';
import { Popover } from '../Popover.tsx';
import { Button } from '../../Button/Button';
import { Text } from '../../Text/Text';
import { Link } from '../../Link/Link';

import { SettingsIcon } from '../../../icons/index';

# Popover

**Primary UI element for content whose visibility can be toggled with a click on trigger element**

Renders a UI component that opens a popup dialog on click of a trigger element.
<br/>

> ### Popover Trigger & Content

Reviewer: Can you add the table of props? It should be the `docs/PropsTable`

---
name: Popover
menu: Components
route: /components/Popover
---

import { Playground } from 'docz';
import { ItemWrapper } from '../../../../docs/components/ItemWrapper.ts';
import { SettingsIcon } from '../../../icons/index';

import { Button } from '../../Button/Button';
import { Text } from '../../Text/Text';
import { Link } from '../../Link/Link';

import { Popover } from '../Popover.tsx';

import { PopoverPropsTable } from './PopoverPropsTable.tsx';

# Popover

> **Primary UI element for content whose visibility can be toggled with a click on trigger element**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Primary UI element for content whose visibility can be toggled with a click on a trigger element**
```

> Renders a UI component that opens a popup dialog on click of a trigger element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Renders a UI component that opens a popup dialog when clicking on a trigger element.
```

Author: I guess, I would then change to ''_**when user clicks on** a trigger element_'', if we want to be more specific 🤔
